Avoid some image formats with larger content's crop (#3483)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/print_composer/create_output.rst

   Image Export Options, output is resized to items extent

> .. tip:: **Use format like PNG when cropping to contents out of the paper extent**

Reviewer: I am not sure what is meant here.  Could you explain?

> .. tip:: **Use format like PNG when cropping to contents out of the paper extent**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip:: **Use image formats that support transparency when items extend beyond the paper extent**
```

>  As layout items may be placed out of the paper extent, using the :guilabel:`Crop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Since layout items may be placed outside the paper extent, using the :guilabel:`Crop
```

>  to content` option while exporting will result in image(s) larger than the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 to content` option while exporting can result in an image that is larger than the paper extent.
```

>  Due to its transparent background, the additional area will render as full black,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Since the background outside of the paper extent will be transparent, for image formats that do not support transparency (eg, :file:`.BMP`, :file:`.JPG`) it will be render as full black,
```

>  "corrupting" the image, if exported to an image format not supporting transparency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 "corrupting" the image.
```

>  (eg, :file:`.BMP`, :file:`.JPG`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  Prefer transparency-compatible formats like :file:`.TIFF` or :file:`.PNG` in such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use transparency-compatible formats like :file:`.TIFF` or :file:`.PNG` in such
```

>  case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 cases.
```

Author: ```suggestion
 a case.
```
